DOCS 646: improve extend viam (#1029)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/program/extend/_index.md

---
title: "Extend Viam with custom resources"
linkTitle: "Extend Viam"
weight: 60
simple_list: true
no_list: true
type: docs
tags: ["server", "rdk", "extending viam", "modular resources", "components", "services"]
description: "Extend Viam by creating custom components and services."
---

Viam's [Robot Development Kit (RDK)](/internals/rdk/) provides built-in support for a variety of resources:

- Various types and models of hardware [components](/components).
- High-level functionality exposed as [services](/services).

> You might want to use a hardware component to build your robot that is not built-in to the RDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you may want to use a hardware component to build your robot that is not built-in to the RDK.
```

Author: LGTM done
